Update docs theme link to Starlight (#3941)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/migrate-to-astro/from-docusaurus.mdx

- [MPA vs SPA](/en/concepts/mpa-vs-spa/): Docusaurus is a React-based single-page application (SPA). Astro sites are multi-page apps built using [`.astro` components](/en/core-concepts/astro-components/), but can also support [React, Preact, Vue.js, Svelte, SolidJS, AlpineJS, Lit](/en/core-concepts/framework-components/) and raw HTML templating.

> - Docusaurus was designed to build documentation websites and has some built-in, documentation-specific website features that you would have to build yourself in Astro. Instead, Astro offers some of these features through an [official docs theme](https://starlight.astro.build). This website was built using that template! You can also find more [community docs themes](https://astro.build/themes?search=&categories%5B%5D=docs) with built-in features in our Themes Showcase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Docusaurus was designed to build documentation websites and has some built-in, documentation-specific website features that you would have to build yourself in Astro. Instead, Astro offers some of these features through an [official docs theme](https://starlight.astro.build). This website was the inspiration for that template! You can also find more [community docs themes](https://astro.build/themes?search=&categories%5B%5D=docs) with built-in features in our Themes Showcase.
```
Gah! Depends ... how soon? I don't like the idea of saying it was built with "that template" when it wasn't! What about...?
